Added a password section to the opsec framework (#468)
security-alliance/frameworks: docs/pages/opsec/passwords/rootaccounts.mdx

---
title: "Root Account Passwords | Security Alliance"

> description: "Secure root/admin accounts: password rotation and storage, least privilege, monitoring. Prevents escalation in Linux/AWS/cloud."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Secure root/admin accounts: password rotation and storage, cold accounts, password manager sharing, monitoring. Prevents escalation in Linux/AWS/cloud."
```
